README.md, before:

If you find this repo helpful, please cite our paper. This is the archived version and the BioCAS proceeding version will follow.
```
@article{chen20233et,
  title={3ET: Efficient Event-based Eye Tracking using a Change-Based ConvLSTM Network},
  author={Chen, Qinyu and Wang, Zuowen and Liu, Shih-Chii and Gao, Chang},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2308.11771},
  year={2023}
}
```
# cb-convlstm-eyetracking
This repo introduces you to how to perform pupil detection using event stream from event-based cameras.
Here is our paper: 3ET: Efficient Event-based Eye Tracking using a Change-Based ConvLSTM Network, which was published at BioCAS 2023. The arxiv version: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2308.11771.pdf

Synthetic Event-based Eye Tracking (SEET) dataset link (event frame):
[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16qH_wv_oVNysJARtHIUrIXbHjOygfq_i?usp=drive_link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16qH_wv_oVNysJARtHIUrIXbHjOygfq_i?usp=sharing)

Synthetic Event-based Eye Tracking (SEET) dataset link (event raw data and .avi video files):
[https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HeOS5YBLruzHjwMKyBQfVTc_mJbsy_R1?usp=drive_link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HeOS5YBLruzHjwMKyBQfVTc_mJbsy_R1?usp=sharing)

Run steps:
1. Download the SEET dataset, and save it in a directory. i.e. /DATA/
2. cd eyetracking-convlstm
3. run process_event.py
   
   you can change the sequence length by setting the parameter *seq*  
4. run convlstm-et-pytorch-event.py

Results:
*x, y* coordinates of pupil center predictions after 28 epochs of training
![我的图片描述](https://github.com/qinche106/cb-convlstm-eyetracking/blob/main/eyetracking-convlstm/plot/event_plot_28.png)



Original LPW dataset (not event-based dataset)： 
https://www.mpi-inf.mpg.de/departments/computer-vision-and-machine-learning/research/gaze-based-human-computer-interaction/labelled-pupils-in-the-wild-lpw

Commit message:

update readme links with public ones, add tonic data loading instruction

README.md, after:

If you find this repo helpful, please cite our paper. This is the archived version and the BioCAS proceeding version will follow.
```
@article{chen20233et,
  title={3ET: Efficient Event-based Eye Tracking using a Change-Based ConvLSTM Network},
  author={Chen, Qinyu and Wang, Zuowen and Liu, Shih-Chii and Gao, Chang},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2308.11771},
  year={2023}
}
```
# cb-convlstm-eyetracking
This repo introduces you to how to perform pupil detection using event stream from event-based cameras.
Here is our paper: 3ET: Efficient Event-based Eye Tracking using a Change-Based ConvLSTM Network, which was published at BioCAS 2023. The arxiv version: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2308.11771.pdf

Synthetic Event-based Eye Tracking (SEET) dataset link (event frame):
[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/16qH_wv_oVNysJARtHIUrIXbHjOygfq_i?usp=sharing)

Synthetic Event-based Eye Tracking (SEET) dataset link (event raw data and .avi video files):
[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HeOS5YBLruzHjwMKyBQfVTc_mJbsy_R1?usp=sharing)

Run steps:
1. Download the SEET dataset, and save it in a directory. i.e. /DATA/
2. cd eyetracking-convlstm
3. run process_event.py
   
   you can change the sequence length by setting the parameter *seq*  
4. run convlstm-et-pytorch-event.py

Results:
*x, y* coordinates of pupil center predictions after 28 epochs of training
![我的图片描述](https://github.com/qinche106/cb-convlstm-eyetracking/blob/main/eyetracking-convlstm/plot/event_plot_28.png)



Original LPW dataset (not event-based dataset)： 
https://www.mpi-inf.mpg.de/departments/computer-vision-and-machine-learning/research/gaze-based-human-computer-interaction/labelled-pupils-in-the-wild-lpw


# Loading raw 3ET with the Tonic library 💥💥💥

The Tonic library is a Python library for loading and processing event-based data. It is available at [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/neuromorphs/tonic/tree/develop)

To install the Tonic library branch which includes the 3ET dataset loader, run the following command:
```
pip install tonic --pre
```
A minimum working example of loading the 3ET dataset is shown below:
```
import tonic

trainset = tonic.datasets.ThreeET_Eyetracking(save_to="./data", split='Train')

events, targets = next(iter(trainset))
```
